User Story 1: General intent

As a Spotify user, I want to be able to auto-generate playlists that fit the mood of my current roadtrip. 
It would be kind of like playing the radio but with general requests. Most of the time my personal playlists 
and radio only accomodate my own tastes so I want to be able to mix things up according to the overall mood 
of the trip and the other passengers. Spotify has a pretty good playlist search, but I find it inadequate sometimes. 
One reason why Spotify's playlist search doesn't work well for me is because the playlists are usually constrained 
to a single genre, but I would like all kinds of genres mixed into the playlist. Or, if it is a user-made playlist, 
it is bound to be too short and in accordance to their personal tastes. Plus, when I type in something along the lines 
"summer road trip," there are upwards of 30 playlists to choose from and I end up not wanting to pick one. That's why a 
\generator would come in handy—it's quick, unique, and assorted. To a certain extent, the songs should correspond to the 
atmosphere of the trip. For example, if it is a cold gloomy day, I don't want a super summery, up beat song. That said, 
if it is a summer roadtrip, I don't want to listen to anything too somber. 

User Story 2

I am an avid music listener who almost always has Spotify on in the background, but would love to have some sort of playlist 
creator that does the work for me since I find making a playlist on Spotify to be kind of tedious. I would like it to consider 
the kinds of music that I currently like by allowing me to log in to my account, but also recommend new genres to me that can
 be either completely random or based on trends from my personal listening experience. Hopefully, this app will allow me to broaden
my music taste and discover new artists.

User Story 3

Since I am very in touch with my emotions, I see music as a medium for me to express how I am feeling, or to help me feel what
 I want to feel. Sometimes, the weather largely can affect my mood both positively and negatively, and I would like my Spotify 
 playlists to be able to capture such emotions associated with the weather and curate a playlist around it. This could be both 
 for every day playlists, and for road trips. I would find it especially fun on a road trip to have more upbeat and happy music 
 playing as we drive to a sunny place, and have more somber, mellow vibes when approaching a more gloomy, rural area. 

User Story 4

As a person who goes on road trips often, I obsess over making the perfect road trip playlist so that there is neither a silent
 moment nor an ad break. In the past, I have made my own playlists in an attempt to match the given duration of the trip leading 
 up to the day that I actually drive, but sometimes weather and traffic conditions make my playlist times inaccurate. I think it 
 would be great if I could input the endpoints of my road trip and the app could generate a playlist for my Spotify account that 
 would be the exact duration of the trip. An even bigger plus for extra brownie points would be to analyze possible factors that 
 could delay the trip and queue songs if necessary to keep the vibes high until I have reached my destination.

 User Story 5

As a user, I would like to be able to save the generated playlists under my Spotify account so that I can always come back to it. 
Once I give the app input, I would imagine that it first generates an appropriate playlist and then links it to my account. If it 
can't be saved under my Spotify account directly, I would like to be able to create an account on the app that I could easily log 
into and access those playlists. 




